Editorial clarifications (#66)
oauth-wg/oauth-cross-device-security: draft-ietf-oauth-cross-device-security.md

           |              |     QR Code/User Code |               |
           |              |     Context           |               |
           +--------------+                       |               |
                  | (E) User is convinced by the  |               |
                  |     attacker and scan QR code |               |

>                   |     or enter User Code        |               |

Reviewer: Not sure if this should be 'scans' and 'enters', but then we need to change "Starts" and "Copies" above as well...

Author: Made the proposed changes

- (A) The attacker initiates the protocol on the Initiating Device (or mimicks the Initiating Device) by starting a purchase, adding a device to a network or connecting a service to the Initiating Device.
- (B) The Initiating Device retrieves a QR code or user code from an Authorization Server
- (C) The attacker copies the QR code or user code
- (D) The attacker changes the context in which the QR code or user code is displayed in such a way that the user is likely to scan the QR code or use the user code when completing the authorization. For example, the attacker could craft an email that includes the user code or QR code and send it to the user. The email might encourage the user to scan the QR code or enter the user code by suggesting that doing so would grant them a reward through a loyalty program or prevent the loss of their data.

> - (E) The QR code or user code is displayed to the user in a context chosen by the attacker. The user is convinced by the attacker's effort and scan the QR code or enter the user code on the Authorization Device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (E) The QR code or user code is displayed to the user in a context chosen by the attacker. The user is convinced by the attacker's effort and scans the QR code or enters the user code on the Authorization Device.
```

- (B) The attacker initiates the protocol on the Initiating Device (or by mimicking the Initiating Device) by starting a purchase, adding a device to a network or accessing a service on the Initiating Device.
- (C) The client on the Initiating Device requests user authorization on the backchannel from the Authorization Server.
- (D) The Authorization Server sends authroization data (e.g. a 6 digit authorization code) to the user's Authorization Device (the authorization data may be presented as a QR code, or text message).
- (E) The user is convinced by the social engineering message received in and forwards the authorization data (e.g. a 6 digit authorization code) to the attacker.
- (F) The attacker enters the authorization data (e.g. a 6 digit authorization code) on the Initiating Device.
- (G) The Authorization Server grants authorization and issues access and refresh tokens to the Initiating Device, which is under the attacker's control. On completion of the exploit, the attacker gains access to the user's resources.

> The unauthenticated channel may also be exploited in variations of the above scenario where the user (as opposed to the attacker) initiates the flow  and is then convinced using social engineering techniques into sending the authorization data (e.g. a 6 digit authorization code) to the attacker. In these flows, the user is already authenticated and they request authorization data to transfer a session or obtain some other privilege such as joining a device to a network. The authorization data may be represented as a QR code or authroization code. The attacker then proceeds to exploit the unauthenticated channel by using social engineering techniques to convince the user to send the QR code or user code to the attacker. The attacker then use the authroization data to obtain the privileges that would have been assigned to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The unauthenticated channel may also be exploited in variations of the above scenario where the user (as opposed to the attacker) initiates the flow  and is then convinced using social engineering techniques into sending the authorization data (e.g. a 6 digit authorization code) to the attacker. In these flows, the user is already authenticated and they request authorization data to transfer a session or obtain some other privilege such as joining a device to a network. The authorization data may be represented as a QR code or authorization code. The attacker then proceeds to exploit the unauthenticated channel by using social engineering techniques to convince the user to send the QR code or user code to the attacker. The attacker then use the authroization data to obtain the privileges that would have been assigned to the user.
```
